"_mite_":http://mite.yo.lk/en is a sleek time tracking tool for teams and freelancers.

<code>Redmine2mite</code> connects your Redmine account with your _mite_.account. Track your time easily on issues within Redmine and get them automatically send to _mite_.

Projects from Redmine can be bundled with _mite_.projects. Furthermore, you can specify which _mite_.services should be available in Redmine on a per-project basis.

h2. Requirements

* "Redmine":http://www.redmine.org/ >= 2.0 (tested on 2.12)
* "Ruby on Rails":rubyonrails.org >= 3.0 (tested on 3.2)
* "Ruby":ruby-lang.org/ >= 1.9
* a _mite_.account (you can easily signup for a "free 30 days trial account":https://signup.mite.yo.lk/signup/en )
* the Ruby Gem _json_ (min. 1.6.5)

*Please note:* For Redmine versions prior to 2.0 use the plugin "version 1.6":http://github.com/thomasklein/Redmine2mite/tree/v1.6. 

h2. Installation

The following commands are intended to be executed on the command line.
# Change to plugins directory: <code>$ cd /path/to/redmine/plugins</code>
# Clone source code from GitHub: <code>$ git clone http://github.com/thomasklein/redmine2mite</code>
# Change to redmine root directory: <code>$ cd /path/to/redmine/</code>
# Install the plugin schema by calling <code>rake redmine:plugins:migrate</code>
# Restart your Redmine web server (e.g. Mongrel, Thin, WEBrick) 
# Voilá!

h2. Setup

Login to Redmine. You should now see on the top right corner the link "mite". Click on it. 

After providing your account data you can now interconnect your _mite_.projects and _mite_.services with a specific Redmine project. The selected values will appear on top of the list, if you create a new time entry in the respective project.

Precondition is having Redmine projects assigned to your user, of course :-)

h2. Usage

Once the connection to your _mite_.account was verified, sending your time entries to _mite_ is very easy. The two fields _mite_.project and _mite_.service have been added to the time logging mask. When creating or updating a time entry the plugin sends those values to your _mite_.account.

h3. Time tracker

Version 1.5 added the possibility to use the time tracker feature of _mite_ directly in Redmine.

h4. Precondition

Your user role must have the permission to "Edit own time logs".

h4. Setup

First of all, you have to activate this feature in the Redmine2mite preferences (link "mite" on the top right corner) by checking the option "Activate tracker functionality, if time entries are booked without effort". It is by default deactivated.

h4. Starting it

From now on, if you book leave the value for the amount of time empty or "0h0m" (as it is set automatically) and save a new time entry in Redmine, the tracker is started is Redmine and in _mite_ simultaneously. You can see its status in the title bar of the current window and right beside the Redmine2mite preferences link.

h4. Stopping it

Click on the orange timer right beside the Redmine2mite preferences link. It links to the list of time entries of the associated ticket. Beside the active time entry is a rotating clock. Click on it to stop the time tracker and save the current time both to Redmine and to mite.

h2. Known issues

h3. How do i uninstall the plugin?

Well, currently "there is no easy way doing this":http://www.redmine.org/boards/2/topics/2820. 
* remove the directory <code>redmine2mite</code> out of the <code>/plugins</code> directory. 
* manually delete all of the plugins database tables and newly added fields to existing tables
** tables: <code>mite_bindings</code>, <code>mite_rsrcs</code>
** added fields in table <code>user_preferences</code>: <code>mite_account_name</code>, <code>mite_api_key</code>, <code>mite_note_pattern</code>, <code>mite_connection_updated_on</code>, <code>mite_tracker_option</code>, <code>mite_tracker_data</code>
** added fields in table <code>time_entries</code>: <code>mite_time_entry_id</code>, <code>mite_project_id</code>, <code>mite_service_id</code>, <code>mite_time_entry_updated_on</code>
* all entries "redmine_mite" in table <code>schema_migrations</code>

h2. License

<code>Redmine2mite</code> is licensed under the terms of the MIT License, see the included MIT-LICENSE file.